[music playing]
I am warning you.
Mom, if you don't stop
treating me like a child,
I am packed up and out
of your place by tonight.
That's the coffee
talking, Jackie.
Hold on a second.
What's that?
OK, I'll tell her.
The coffee says you're
a meddling old bat
who's sapping my will to live.
Well I'm sorry if I
care about you, Jackie.
But I watch you every day.
I'm just concerned about this
reckless lifestyle of yours.
Reckless lifestyle?
I am living with my mother
in a retirement community.
Now I see why you have so
much trouble with people.
Not people, mom.
You.
I know you think you
have a terrible mother,
but you should thank
your lucky stars.
There are women out there who
have to go to a psychiatrist
because their mothers
were so horrible.
Surprise, mom.
Twice a week.
Oh, well.
And I suppose you
lie there and talk
about what a bad mother I am.
I just hope I don't run
into this doctor someday.
God knows what
he'll think of me.
First of all, mom, my
therapist is a woman.
Oh, how modern.
And I suppose this
woman teaches you
how to blame everything on me.
No, I already know how
to blame everything on you.
She just tells me I'm right.
Oh, really?
Well fine.
If that's the way you want it,
as of now you have no mother.
Nope!
Nope.
No.
The sick, sadistic
games aren't going
to work on me anymore, mom.
You no longer have
any control over me.
Got it?
I do not allow it in my life.
[cash register beeping]
What, what is it now?
I'm sorry Jackie.
You're right.
I don't know why I
say the things I say.
There must be something
wrong with me.
Mom--
No, it's true, Jackie.
I just reached a
point in my life
where I have to
admit a few things.
I drove your father away.
And now it seems you and
Roseanne don't want me around.
Maybe I deserve to spend
the rest of my life alone.
Oh, mom.
It's not all your fault. It's
just that my problem is I blame
my mistakes on other people.
It's just-- it's--
it's not you mom, it's me.
It's me.
It's all me.
I'm just no good.
You know, Jackie
I think I was wrong.
This therapy is
working out very well.
[music playing]
They paved the
whole sidewalk there,
and they built the porch.
But the doorbell
here, that's my idea.
Because that's only like
$1.50 at the store, but it
adds $3 value to the house.
Roseanne, Roger's got
a live one in the back.
Hey DJ, why don't you ride your
bike past the bedroom window.
It will make the
neighborhood look quaint.
Yeah, but watch out for all
those crackheads on the corner.
Really nice built ins.
Man, I've been
after you for 15 years
to build me shelves like this.
They were supposed to go next
to my entertainment center.
What entertainment center?
That entertainment center.
God, Dan, it's like you're
cheating on our house.
Dan, he really loves what
you did to the kitchen.
All those big cabinets, the
tiled countertops, spice rack.
Spice rack?
You bastard.
It was only the
little one, honey.
Hey, I'm going in here, and I
had better not find any ironing
board coming out of any wall.
[bump]
Dan!
Come with me.
Tell her you did it.
Place really does
look great, Roger.
Thank you.
Would you like the grand tour?
I could show you
around the house.
You could show me
around Lanford.
Starting with dinner
on Friday night.
Wait a minute.
Aren't you dating Nancy?
My business partner, Nancy?
My friend, Nancy?
All three of them, yes.
But ours is a completely
casual relationship.
I can date other women.
She can date other women.
You know, Roger, Nancy
is a casual type of person.
But I'm a real uptight, do
it by the rules kind of gal.
And one of the rules is,
never date your lesbian
friend's boyfriend.
Roseanne, you're making
too big a deal out of this.
You even painted
the names on, Dan.
The pepper place, the oregano
place, the salt place.
I promise you'll get one.
When, Dan?
When will I get my pepper place?
I swear, Dan said he was going
to build you one, Roseanne.
Shut up.
Roger, I seen everything.
Can we talk for a minute?
Absolutely.
Excuse us, everyone.
Sure.
Hey, hi.
Hi.
Man, we're cutting
it pretty close.
Only five days before
the mortgage is due.
Well don't worry
about it, because Roger
can sell anything to anybody.
Look what he sold Nancy.
Look, chaps, I think we
should stay here awhile, in case
some other people come by.
Oh, well sure.
He didn't like the
back yard, did he?
No, he liked the back yard.
So then what, the
house is too small?
No, he liked the house.
We should stay here so we
can tell the other people
the house is already sold!
Roger, I'm going to kiss you.
No, Dan, you're not.
Ah, kiss me.
Congratulations, you guys!
Hey yeah, well what about me?
You know, I'm the one
that forced Dan to get
involved in the first place.
Yes, you did, honey.
Men, let's hear it
for being whipped.
You did great work here guys.
Thank you my friend.
This is it.
This is my future.
Come on, honey.
Let's go home.
I'm building you a
spice rack, baby.
Oh, now that
we're rich, I don't
want one of your crummy jobs,
I want a store bought one.
Gold digger.
[music playing]
Sorry I'm late.
Mom couldn't let me go.
I still had an ounce
of self esteem left.
Oh, Jackie, it's
your own fault
for telling her about your
shrink in the first place.
I was cornered.
I had to hurt her.
Move out, Jackie.
I know you're afraid to get out
there and mix, but you know,
the world is a lot
less scary than mom.
Jackie, Roseanne,
what do you think?
I think it could
be a little snug.
It's not for me.
It's for my baby.
Oh, Nancy, are you
dressing up that cat again?
No, I think I'm
going to be pregnant.
What do you mean
by going to be?
Well, it means I really
want to have a baby,
and Roger's going
to be the father.
Whoa, Roger wants
to have a baby?
I don't know.
I haven't asked him.
I don't really care.
As soon as I get pregnant, I'm
going to end the relationship.
You're not even taking his
feelings into consideration,
you're treating him like
he's some sperm dispenser?
That's not true.
Roger's a very special person,
and he has a great teeth.
Huh.
I can't even believe
she's doing that.
I mean what is she going to
tell the kid when it comes
out with a British accent?
Nancy as a mom, too weird.
Oh, yeah.
I just can't wait to see that
baby in the little stretch
pants and high heels.
Well, maybe we're not
being fair to Nancy.
People change, maybe
having a baby is a sign she
is becoming less self-involved?
Guys, look at
the this stroller.
What do you think?
You think it makes me look fat?
[music playing]
Hey DJ, where'd you
get those jelly beans?
From the bin at the store.
DJ, I told you, you've
got to finish eating them
while you're in the store,
or else it's stealing.
I'm sorry.
Well you put those
back in your pocket.
When we go shopping
again next week,
you put them back in the bin.
Hey.
Hey, what's the good word?
The buyer backed out.
Uh, maybe you didn't
hear the question?
He didn't even give a reason.
He just changes his mind.
Now I've got to figure
out how the hell
I'm going to pay the bills
for all the supplies.
Well, so, you just
go to Roger and get
him to front you the money
until the house sells.
I can't do that, he's an
important business contact.
I don't want to look like
some bum asking for a handout.
Well then wear a tie.
I'm not going to do it.
I'll go to the
lumber yard and ask
for 30 more days on my credit.
The house is bound
to sell by then.
And what if you can't
get the extension?
Well, then I'll finally have
the time to build those shelves
you've been wanting.
Of course, they'll
be freestanding
shelves in the middle of
the field will be living in.
That's the last
time I'm bringing
groceries into this house.
You got that right.
[music playing]
I never thought I'd say this.
I'm too depressed to drink.
You know, I'm really sorry
I got you into this, Dan.
You can't blame yourself.
Listen, life's worth nothing
if you don't take risks.
Of course, we took the risk,
we're still worth nothing.
You, Anne Marie and I
haven't worked in 10 months.
If this thing
doesn't sell, I don't
know how we're going to live.
Hey, I owe a ton of
money to a lumber yard.
I don't know if
I'm going to live.
I'm in way more
trouble than you are.
At least Roseanne
has a business.
Wish I had a wife
who would carry me.
Roseanne doesn't carry me.
Oh, come on, Dan.
It's not a big deal.
Yeah it is.
You're saying I
can't support myself.
I didn't say can't.
I said don't.
Hey Chuck, you know what?
Remember a while ago
when I said you shouldn't
blame yourself for all this?
I was wrong.
You go and play
yourself all you want.
Hey look, it's not
my fault that you're
so stupid you jump
into a business deal
and don't have the
money to back it up.
Hey, nobody calls me
stupid in this house
that doesn't live there!
Well, fine!
I'll go outside and yell
it through the window!
Here's a hint.
A window's a square thing
with the glass in it.
Oh, oh, are you trying
to say I don't know
anything about construction?
No, everybody puts a
fuse box in a shower.
I thought it was a closet.
The way you build them, it's
hard to tell the difference.
Hey.
We're not done yet.
Hey, hey.
That's my shoulder, man.
- You sure it's not a closet?
- Look, I'm warning you.
Don't touch me, Connor.
Who's going to stop me?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You're going to break my house.
What the hell's going on?
We didn't get the extension.
Thanks to this jerk here
were out five grand.
Well gee, Dan.
This is an emergency.
You might have to go
out and get a job.
Whoa, you.
In the house.
You go home and tell your mom
you can't play here no more.
What are you doing
fighting with your best
friend over some business deal?
And why didn't you
get that extension?
Oh, you're the one who
told me we should get
into this in the first place.
No, no, no, no.
What I told you is that you
should not use me as an excuse
not to do it.
OK?
Besides, in my version
we become zillionaires.
And everyone we hate is crushed
under our immense wealth.
[knock at the door]
If all was running
true to form,
that should be the
Angel of Death.
Huh.
Close.
Danny, I have wonderful news.
Thank god, you've
sold the house.
Nope, better than that.
You know that big old
Victorian on Pine and Central?
My contractor dropped out.
Absolute wimp.
No vision.
So I'm offering you
first shot at this.
All we need is an extra
$5,000 to meet on our nut.
Sorry, Roger,
Dan's out of nuts.
Roseanne, this
is a sure thing.
We can make twice
as much as we're
making on the other place.
Well, let's see 2
times 0 is not enough.
We've got to make at
least 4 times zero.
Listen, Rog, the bill for the
lumber yard's due any minute.
I was going to ask
you to float me a loan
until the house sells.
Dan, Daniel, Danny.
You're a great talker.
You can get more credit.
It's just paper.
Rog, Roger, Roggie.
It's just food on the table.
I mean, come on.
We're not even sure the
first place is going to sell.
What are you saying?
I don't know how
to sell the place?
I can sell anything.
I've even sold hovels
worse than this one.
Whoa, Dan.
Robin Leach here is
beginning to lose his charm.
I didn't mean that, I'm sorry.
I can be such a beast.
I just don't want to
lose you as partners.
What can I do to help you.
You can buy me out.
Oh, you can't
pull out now, Dan.
Not after you put it
all that hard work.
There must be some way you
can put these people off.
Just don't answer the phone.
Oh, yeah right.
Or when they come
up to the door,
we'll turn all the lights off.
Or we won't sign
the check, or we'll
leave the envelope
unsealed so they
think the check fell out of it.
I'm sorry Roger, but we're
not that kind of people.
Well, fair enough.
I'll come by tomorrow with a
cashier's check for $5,000.
And I tell you what,
for the extra time
and sweat that you
put into the place,
I'll throw in another $2,000.
I don't want to lose our
friendship over this one deal.
All right then.
See you tomorrow.
You don't have to give us the
extra $2,000, Roger, I'm way
too proud to take your money.
[music playing]
[door knocking]
What the hell was that?
Roseanne, Roger left me.
I can't believe it.
How could he do this to me?
How could he be so insensitive.
I didn't even have
a chance to ovulate.
I don't understand.
And I don't want to.
I really felt like we
were right for each other.
Oh, I know.
You think you're
using the right guy.
And he left with
the $5,000 I gave him.
What?
He left the apartment?
Or he left town?
Both.
What happened to the hugging?
Nancy, are you sure he's gone?
Yeah, I went by his
place and it's empty.
And I talked to his landlady,
and he left the key.
Oh man, this is unbelievable.
I'm going to kill him.
It's so sweet of you two to
be concerned, but I'll be OK.
Really.
Nancy, we're not
talking about you.
He conned us out of five grand.
And now we get to
unload that house.
I can't believe he did
this to you, my friends.
I think you should
track him down.
And when you do you tell
him, I'm really hurt.
And that I'm just stupid enough
to have sex with him one more
time.
Oh, man, we're screwed.
No, Dan.
We are so far beyond screwed
that the light from screwed
will take 1 billion
years to reach the Earth.
[music playing]
Dan, what are you
doing here so early?
Roseanne doesn't
come in until noon.
I know, I kind of needed
to talk to you alone, Bev.
Listen, Bev, need to borrow
$5,000 until that house sells.
Now, you know I'd
rather do anything
than beg you for money.
But you're the only
person I know that can't
possibly think any less of me.
Well Dan, this
is uncomfortable.
I don't want to be the one
you turn to every time you
have a little financial crisis.
I don't blame you.
This reminds me
of the little story
of the grasshopper and the ant.
Oh, yeah, they
walked into the bar
with the rabbi and the priest.
The grasshopper, if
I remember correctly,
played all summer
while the little ant
toiled and toiled, saving food.
But when winter came,
that silly grasshopper
would have starved to death,
but the kindly ant took him in.
The grasshopper enjoyed
today, but never
gave a thought to the
cold, cold, winter to come.
Do you understand
what I'm saying, Dan?
Yes Beverly, I
am a grasshopper.
But someday I hope to
be an ant like you.
Thanks for waking me up, mom.
You said you didn't
want me to, that I
was treating you like a child.
I know what you're doing mom.
You may not know
what you're doing,
but I know what you're doing.
You let me sleep in so you can
rag on me for showing up late.
You know, Jackie, I don't
think you need a psychiatrist.
I think what you need
is a good alarm clock.
No, mom.
What I need is to
get away from you.
I'm an adult, it's time
I had a place of my own.
Dan, I'm going to
buy that old house.
Are you sure about this?
I've never been so sure
about anything in my life.
I'd like to move in immediately.
Let me get this straight.
This is a deal, right?
It's a deal.
Jackie, you have no idea
what those words mean to me.
So, Beverly.
Where in the hell do you
get off talking to me
like I'm some piece of dirt.
You forgot the last chapter
in your little story.
The grasshopper comes back with
his old buddy, the anteater.
And after he's finished
sucking the little man
up his long snout, he
spits her out because she's
so old and bitter.
I wish you hadn't
have done that, Dan.
Who do you think I'm
going to ask to borrow
the down payment from?
Listen, Bev.
[music playing]
Oh, man.
We are screwed.
Oh.
We should have known something
like this was going to happen.
Yeah, after all,
we are involved.
You know where we
made our mistake?
We should never have thrown
out that chain letter.
If we'd only sent
$100 to total strangers,
we could have made us a fortune.
No, well, I'm
thinking about them
bridge we could have bought
over there in New York City.
Oh, she was a dandy
bit bridge all right.
You know, Dan.
I think if we had
moved fast, we can
get right in on that pyramid
scheme sweeping Lanford.
We could own our very
own damn pyramid.
You mean like the ones
up to Egypt, Africa?
Hot ziggity dog.
[music playing]